[DOC] update metrics content with new config (#1803)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/con-metrics-kafka-options.adoc

// This assembly is included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-metrics-kafka.adoc
[id='con-metrics-kafka-options-{context}']

= JMX metrics configuration

{ProductName} provides xref:ref-metrics-config-files-{context}[example configuration files for Grafana].

Grafana dashboards are dependent on Prometheus JMX Exporter relabeling rules, which are defined for:

* Kafka and ZooKeeper as a `Kafka` resource configuration in the example `kafka-metrics.yaml` file

> * Kafka Connect as a `kafkaConnect` resource in the example `kafka-connect-metrics.yaml` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kafka Connect as a `KafkaConnect` and `KafkaConnectS2I` resources in the example `kafka-connect-metrics.yaml` file
```

> * Kafka Connect as `kafkaConnect` and `kafkaConnectS2I` resources in the example `kafka-connect-metrics.yaml` file

Reviewer 2: capital `K` for the resource names
